With what you know already, you should be more than ready to replace the damaged posts array with the
real data from the database, lets you remove the posts filled first.
The index action can now apply the blog post all.
Make sure to import the model class, remember that the all method will return all table records from
oldest to newest, first by default.
Remember, if you need something different than defaults used to CareerBuilder, for example, the order
by created out.
Sorted in descending order.
This would return blog posts from the newest first.
You can also use query builder methods like the take method.
To limit how many items you want to be returned, this would add a limit close to the executed rescuable.
So you have to specify a number like five to only get five elements back from the query.
Just remember that some metals exist in both the quarry builder, but also in the collection of models
after the quarry is executed.
Take is an example in the query builder, it would add a limit clause, but adding it after the get
call that runs the query, it would operate on the ResultSet.
This means you might accidentally run inefficient queries.
Also, remember that the best way to learn is to try out queries by yourself.
And for this, the best way is to run them in Tinker.
Anyway, let's bring back this to be a simple old query.
Now, to get one result, we can simplify our current show methods.
To be a one liner, so we know this blog post find or fail method that would return four or four page
if the model is not found in the database.
So there is no need to use the abort if helper.
Let's comment that out.
And instead, in this place, let's do a blog post, find or fail, Heidi.
Finally.
Let's see if this actually works.
So that's the page with posts currently we only have one inside the database, so we should be able
to visit post with one and there it is.
This is directly read from the database.